Data-2678 Adds group, risk and notes from the Friday API. Also made t… (#62)
wearespindle/python-wherescape: wherescape/connectors/friday_pulse/README.md

**Get General Results:**
```python
# Full load
results = client.get_general_results()

# Incremental load (only dates after 2025-01-01)
results = client.get_general_results(since_date="2025-01-01")
```

**Get Group Results:**
```python
# Full load
results = client.get_group_results()

# Incremental load (only dates after 2025-01-01)
results = client.get_group_results(since_date="2025-01-01")
```

**Get General Notes:**
```python
# Full load
notes = client.get_general_notes()

# Incremental load (only dates after 2025-01-01)
notes = client.get_general_notes(since_date="2025-01-01")
```

**Get Group Notes:**
```python
# Full load
notes = client.get_group_notes()

# Incremental load (only dates after 2025-01-01)
notes = client.get_group_notes(since_date="2025-01-01")
```

**Get General Risks:**
```python
# Full load
risks = client.get_general_risks()

# Incremental load (only dates after 2025-01-01)
risks = client.get_general_risks(since_date="2025-01-01")
```

**Get Group Risks:**
```python
# Full load
risks = client.get_group_risks()

# Incremental load (only dates after 2025-01-01)
risks = client.get_group_risks(since_date="2025-01-01")
```

> ## WhereScape Integration

Reviewer: **suggestion:** Can this section go? it looks double with the section  `WhereScape Host Script Setup`
`

Author: Removed

### `friday_pulse_load_data(lookback_weeks=3)`

Main function to load Friday Pulse data into WhereScape. Automatically detects which data type to load based on the table name.

**Parameters:**
- `lookback_weeks`: Number of weeks to look back from the high water mark to capture late responses. Default is 3 weeks (21 days).

**Returns:**
- None (data is loaded directly into WhereScape)

> ## Data Structures

Reviewer: **thought:** I'm not convinced that this section (in this way) add any value or is just wordsalad

Author: Removed

All data is returned as flattened dictionaries ready for database insertion. WhereScape automatically adds metadata columns.

### Topics
- `code` (text): Topic code identifier
- `name` (text): Topic display name

### Group Types
- `code` (text): Group type code identifier
- `name` (text): Group type display name

### Groups
- `id` (bigint): Unique group identifier
- `name` (text): Group name
- `group_type_code` (text): Associated group type code
- Additional fields may be present depending on API response

### General Results
- `sample_date` (date): Survey date
- `score` (numeric): Overall happiness score
- `response_rate` (numeric): Percentage of responses received
- `response_count` (int): Number of responses received
- `total_count` (int): Total number of potential respondents
- `question_count` (int): Number of questions in the survey
- `topic_code` (text): Topic code identifier
- `topic_name` (text): Topic display name

### Group Results
Same structure as General Results, plus:
- `group_id` (bigint): Associated group identifier

### General Notes

> - Additional note fields depending on API response

Reviewer: **suggestion:** move one line down (or remove section, as suggested above)

Author: Removed

   - Example: `load_friday_pulse_general_results` → parameter `HWM_ds_friday_pulse_general_results`

2. **API Filtering**: The wrapper fetches all available result dates and filters them by comparing against `HWM_{table} - lookback_weeks`.

3. **Lookback Period**: Results newer than `HWM_{table} - lookback_weeks` are fetched because survey results can be updated after the survey date (late responses). The default lookback period is 3 weeks (21 days), configurable via the `lookback_weeks` parameter.

4. **Efficient Loading**: This approach ensures updated results are captured while minimizing unnecessary data transfer.

5. **Fallback**: If the HWM parameter is not set or cannot be read, a full load is performed.

### Setup in WhereScape RED

1. **Create Parameter**: Add a parameter for your load table following the naming pattern:
   - For `load_friday_pulse_general_results`: Create `HWM_ds_friday_pulse_general_results`
   - For `load_friday_pulse_group_results`: Create `HWM_ds_friday_pulse_group_results`
   - For `load_friday_pulse_group_notes`: Create `HWM_ds_friday_pulse_group_notes`

2. **Initial Load**: Leave the HWM parameter empty for the first run (full load)

> 3. **Update Parameter**: After each successful load, update the parameter with:

Reviewer: **issue:** 
```suggestion
3. **Update Parameter**: After the data from the load table has been persisted in the ds table, update the parameter with:
```

Author: Processed

   ```sql
   SELECT MAX(sample_date) FROM datastore.{target_table}
   ```

4. **Subsequent Loads**: Only results with `sample_date > HWM - lookback_weeks` will be fetched

### Example Flow (General Results)

```
First run:
  - HWM_ds_friday_pulse_general_results parameter: (empty)
  - Action: Full load
  - API calls: Fetch all available dates, get results for each

>   - Result: 150 results loaded, max date = 2025-01-16

Reviewer: **suggestion:** 
```suggestion
  - Result: 150 results loaded into load table, max date = 2025-01-16
  - Action: update datastore table. Result : load table persisted into datastore
```

Author: Processed

  - Update parameter: HWM_ds_friday_pulse_general_results = 2025-01-16

Second run:
  - HWM_ds_friday_pulse_general_results parameter: 2025-01-16
  - lookback_weeks: 3 (default)
  - Action: Incremental load (fetch dates > 2025-01-16 - 21 days = 2024-12-26)
  - API calls: Fetch results for dates after 2024-12-26 (includes lookback period)

>   - Result: 45 results loaded (15 new + 30 from lookback for updates), max date = 2025-01-21

Reviewer: **todo:** Same as above, also for below

Author: done

  - Update parameter: HWM_ds_friday_pulse_general_results = 2025-01-21

Third run:
  - HWM_ds_friday_pulse_general_results parameter: 2025-01-21
  - lookback_weeks: 3 (default)
  - Action: Incremental load (fetch dates > 2025-01-21 - 21 days = 2024-12-31)
  - API calls: Fetch results for dates after 2024-12-31
  - Result: 30 results loaded (checking for updates in the last 21 days)
  - Update parameter: HWM_ds_friday_pulse_general_results = 2025-01-21 (unchanged if no newer dates)
```

> ## WhereScape Host Script Setup

Reviewer: **suggestion:** Suggest to add a step that explains that you need to set up a connection. You can also use screenshots for this

Author: Processed

### Creating Metadata

Create a WhereScape host script that calls `friday_pulse_create_metadata()`:

```python
from wherescape.connectors.friday_pulse.friday_pulse_create_metadata import friday_pulse_create_metadata

friday_pulse_create_metadata()
```

This automatically creates all column definitions in the WhereScape metadata repository based on actual API response data.

**Required Environment Variables:**

> - `WSL_SRCCFG_APIKEY`: Friday Pulse bearer token

Reviewer: **issue:** Add where to configure this in wherescape (In the connection I guess)

Author: Processed with the above one already.

- Standard WhereScape environment variables (set automatically by WhereScape)

### Loading Data

Create a WhereScape host script that calls `friday_pulse_load_data()`:

```python
from wherescape.connectors.friday_pulse.friday_pulse_load_data import friday_pulse_load_data

# Use default 3-week lookback
friday_pulse_load_data()

# Or with custom lookback period
friday_pulse_load_data(lookback_weeks=2)
```

**Parameters:**
- `lookback_weeks`: Optional integer specifying how many weeks to look back from the high water mark (default: 3)

**Required Environment Variables:**
- `WSL_SRCCFG_APIKEY`: Friday Pulse bearer token
- Standard WhereScape environment variables (set automatically by WhereScape)

**WhereScape Parameters (for incremental loads):**
- Reference data tables: No parameters needed (always full load)
- Survey data tables: Create `HWM_{table_name}` parameter (e.g., `HWM_ds_friday_pulse_general_results`)

> ## API Reference

Reviewer: **suggestion:** This is documentation that shoud be provided by Friday. This section should be removed, if this documentation is available from them. At max you can add a url to that documentation

Author: 👍
